Update documentation with upmerge changes (#8463)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_REGION_LITTLEFS_EXTERNAL`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_REGION_SETTINGS_STORAGE_EXTERNAL`, and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_REGION_NVS_STORAGE_EXTERNAL` to specify that the relevant partition must be located in external flash memory.
  You must add a ``chosen`` entry for ``nordic,pm-ext-flash`` in your devicetree to make this option available.
  See :file:`tests/subsys/partition_manager/region` for example configurations.

> * Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_OVERRIDE_EXTERNAL_DRIVER_CHECK` to override the external driver check, this is needed when using an external flash which is not using the QSPI NOR driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_OVERRIDE_EXTERNAL_DRIVER_CHECK` to override the external driver check.
  This is needed when using an external flash which is not using the :ref:`QSPI NOR <zephyr:dtbinding_nordic_qspi_nor>` driver from Zephyr.
```

MCUboot
=======

The MCUboot fork in |NCS| (``sdk-mcuboot``) contains all commits from the upstream MCUboot repository up to and including ``1d4404116a9a6b54d54ea9aa3dd2575286e666cd``, plus some |NCS| specific additions.

The code for integrating MCUboot into |NCS| is located in the :file:`ncs/nrf/modules/mcuboot` folder.

The following list summarizes both the main changes inherited from upstream MCUboot and the main changes applied to the |NCS| specific additions:

> * boot_serial: Refactoring and optimization (mainly affects progressive erase implementation)
> 
> * boot_serial: Fix echo command code not compiling
> 
> * boot_serial: Upgrade from cddl-gen 0.1.0 to zcbor 0.4.0
> 
> * imgtool: Added support for providing signature via 3rd party
> 
> * zephyr: Removed device_get_binding() usage in favor to DEVICE_DT_GET()
> 
> * Migrated includes to have ``zephyr/`` prefix
> 
> * Switched DFU detection GPIO-pin configuration to be done through DTS using ``mcuboot-button0`` pin-alias.
> 
> * Added MCUboot status callback support, see :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_ACTION_HOOKS`.
> 
> * Reworked LED usage to prefer DTS ``mcuboot-led0`` alias over ``bootloader-led0`` alias
> 
> * Added initial support for leveraging RAM-LOAD mode with the zephyr-rtos port

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* boot_serial: 

  * Refactored and optimized the code, mainly in what affects the progressive erase implementation.
  * Fixed a compilation issue with the echo command code.
  * Upgraded from cddl-gen v0.1.0 to zcbor v0.4.0.

* imgtool: Added support for providing signature through a third party.
* zephyr:
   
  * Added initial support for leveraging the RAM-LOAD mode with the zephyr-rtos port.
  * Added the MCUboot status callback support.
    See :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_ACTION_HOOKS`.
  * Edited includes to have the ``zephyr/`` prefix.
  * Edited the DFU detection's GPIO-pin configuration to be done through DTS using the ``mcuboot-button0`` pin alias.
  * Edited the LED usage to prefer DTS' ``mcuboot-led0`` alias over the ``bootloader-led0`` alias.
  * Removed :c:func:`device_get_binding()` usage in favor of :c:func:`DEVICE_DT_GET()`.
```
